README.md, before:

# ConsenSys-Academy-Final-Project
Final Project for the ConsenSys 2018 Developer course

## Requirements
This project requires you to have installed:
1. [Ganache v6.1.6](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
1. [Truffle v4.1.13](https://truffleframework.com/)
1. [npm v6.3.0](https://www.npmjs.com/)
1. [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/)
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

## Setting up the Project
1. Clone the project with `git clone https://github.com/PJUllrich/ConsenSys-Academy-Final-Project.git`
1. `cd` into the `PhotoRights` folder with `cd PhotoRights`
1. Install the Angular dependencies with `npm install`
1. You're all set!

## Testing the User Interface
1. Start `Ganache` with `ganache-cli -d`
1. From within the `PhotoRights` folder run `ng serve`
1. Open your browser and navigate to `localhost:4200`
1. Watch the following video, which will walk you through the User Interface
![](video.com)

## Testing the Smart Contract
1. `cd` into the Truffle project with `cd SmartContracts`
1. Make sure that you have `Ganache` running. If not, start it with `ganache-cli -d`
1. Run the tests with `truffle test`
1. Check that all tests pass.

## Improvement Possibilities
- Use IpcProvider instead of HTTPProvider (not supported by Ganache-Cli yet(https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache-cli/issues/180))
- Support Photo Rights before  registration in smart contract

## Deployed on Rinkeby Testnet
`0xd4e21e63A431a3D1e8c1886c8c355c6dc800e194`

Commit message:

Added rejector pattern to Smart Contract Added motivation to contract tests Added design pattern decisions. Updated Readme.
Signed-off-by: Peter Ullrich <peter.j.ullrich@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# ConsenSys-Academy-Final-Project
Final Project for the ConsenSys 2018 Developer course by Peter Ullrich. 
The project serves as a decentralized register for image ownership. 
Users can upload an image and register their ownership of the image. 
Image ownerships can be checked, transferred, and removed, all from within the contract.

The contract uses Open Zeppelin's [Pausable](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/master/contracts/lifecycle/Pausable.sol) contract form the EthPM package manager.

## Requirements
This project requires you to have installed:
1. [Ganache v6.1.6](https://truffleframework.com/ganache)
1. [Truffle v4.1.13](https://truffleframework.com/)
1. [npm v6.3.0](https://www.npmjs.com/)
1. [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/)
1. [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

## Setting up the Project
1. Clone the project with `git clone https://github.com/PJUllrich/ConsenSys-Academy-Final-Project.git`
1. `cd` into the `PhotoRights` folder with `cd ConsenSys-Academy-Final-Project/PhotoRights`
1. Install the Angular dependencies with `npm install`
1. You're all set!

## Testing the User Interface
1. Start `Ganache` with `ganache-cli -d`
1. From within the `PhotoRights` folder run `ng serve`
1. Open your browser and navigate to `localhost:4200`
1. Watch the following video, which will walk you through the User Interface
![](video.com)

## Testing the Smart Contract
1. Make sure that you have `Ganache` running. If not, start it with `ganache-cli -d`
1. From within the `SmartContracts` folder, run the tests with `truffle test`
1. Check that all tests pass.

The tests were written to test the success scenarios of the main functionality and the checks 
of the modifiers used. The tests cover both the contracts functionality and modifiers as well as
the functionality and modifiers of the [Pausable](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-solidity/blob/master/contracts/lifecycle/Pausable.sol) contract by Open Zeppelin.
The tests are not 100% exhaustive, but were written to cover all state-changing functionality and all modifiers.

## Rinkeby Testnet
The contract is deployed on the `Rinkeby` testnet with the address: `0xd4e21e63A431a3D1e8c1886c8c355c6dc800e194`
The deployed contract serves the same functionality as the local contract.
The only difference is that the website does not show events for the deployed contract, 
which is an issue of [MetaMask](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-extension/issues/2393) that 
currently does not support the websockets necessary to receive the streams from the provider.

You can connect to it through the website like this:
1. Change the network with which `MetaMask` is connected to `Rinkeby testnet`
1. Copy and paste the aforementioned address into the `Contract address` field
1. Click `Connect with Contract`
1. You are now connected to the contract on the Rinkeby testnet!
